h2. Quotes on Design Widget

*Current Version: 1.0.1*

This is simple widget designed to showcase the Quotes on Design API 3.0 as well as provide a test project for developers wanting to work on OS X Dashboard widgets.

Feel free to fork the project and build a Yahoo Widget, Google Widget, Etc. Just put in in a new directory and send a pull request to be included here.

h3. Download

If you just want the widget, head over to the "Downloads":http://github.com/dcneiner/Quotes-on-Design-Widget/downloads and download the latest version.

h3. Changelog

* *Release 1.0.1*
** Added random number to query string to avoid caching.
* *Release 1.0*: Initial Release


h3. License: Open Source MIT

Copyright (c) 2009 Douglas C. Neiner

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.